background_pool_size setting documentation (DOCSUP-707) (#102)
BayoNet/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

Default value: Empty

## background_pool_size {#background_pool_size}

> Sets the number of threads performing background operations for distributed tables (for example, the number of concurrent heavy merges). Only has meaning at server startup. Lowering the size of the pool allows to limit maximum CPU and disk usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the number of threads performing background operations in table engines (for example, concurrent merges in `MergeTree`-engine tables ). Applies at ClickHouse server startup and can't be changed in a user session. Adjusting this setting, you manage CPU and disk load. The lower value of the setting, the lower CPU and disk resources are required.
```
